People meeting in secret all over the country to offer a toast to Harry
Vernon and Petunia Dursley with their one-year-old son Dudley were proud to say that they were the most normal people occupying 4 Privet Drive located in the Surrey County town of Little Whinging . Vernon was the director of a drill company called Grunnings while Petunia did housework and looked after Dudley yet she always spent such time craning over garden fence to spy on the neighbours . Despite all this most of the Dursley family were the least people anyone expected to be involved in anything funny or disturbing , for they didn't hold such nonsense in their daily lives . The story begins on 1 November 1981 where many absurd things happened. When all three Dursleys were gossiping happily at breakfast trying to wrestle Dudley in his high chair none of them even noticed a large tawny owl flutter pass their window . It eventually came to Vernon's attention when he was heading to work shortly afterwards and saw a tabby cat reading a map and later a street sign . He attempted to convince himself that these were merely coincidences . Next he saw people in cloaks talking in hushed voices and while he was sitting in his office a stare of owls flew past his window .

On his break Vernon went to a bakery to get a bun and saw another group of extravagantly-cloaked figures . Even though they were speaking in hushed voices he eavesdropped on some of their conversation which included a mention of "the Potters and their son Harry ." Vernon found this horrifying because the Potters were the family of Petunia's sister Lily . He and Petunia would be embarrassed if people were to find out that they were related to them as the Potter family were very strange in their opinion . When he left his workplace at the end of the day he bumped into a very small cloaked man who told him that someone named "You-Know-Who" has been defeated and that even Muggles like Vernon should be celebrating . Vernon didn't know what a Muggle was but was offended that the man called him one .

That night when Vernon arrived at home he turned on the news and became suspicious when the newsman stated that owls had been seen everywhere earlier in the day and that fireworks had been spotted in Kent . Vernon asked Petunia if she and her sister had been in touch but she became angry and denied it as she did not like to talk about her . When the Dursleys go to bed a long bearded man in a purple cloak appeared out of nowhere outside of their home . This man was Albus Dumbledore a wizard . He syphoned all of the light from the street lamps with his Deluminator then met with a witch named Minerva McGonagall who was revealed to be the cat that Vernon had seen earlier that morning . They quietly spoke about the deaths of James and Lily Potter at the hands of someone called "Voldemort" at the Potter cottage in the West Country village of Godric's Hollow and how their son Harry had miraculously survived the attack . A few moments later a motorbike with a gigantic man Rubeus Hagrid riding it landed right in front of them carrying baby Harry . He handed him over to Dumbledore who left the sleeping baby and a letter to the Dursleys on the doorstep of 4 Privet Drive .

